Great master
As you expected
Yuqing really held back the devil
Maybe he's just too lonely.
That's not right, master
I remember Boss Feng saying
The family art was poisoned by Xu Bingyan himself
Shouldn't he hate his mother?
It's not that simple.
What the crazy boss says may not be the whole truth
Is he really a ghost?
Ghosts also come to the live stream, and ghosts collide with ghosts to scare people.
Don't talk nonsense in the live stream.
nonsense
I was born on July 15, 1983.
Died in August 1989
I was poisoned by sleeping pills
What's the matter? Is everyone afraid of me?
There are many people who have never seen a ghost
Let's meet today
Are you really a ghost?
That's cool. I'm speeding it up.
The number of people in the live stream has actually risen to more than 8,000
Are you all crazy?
Go back to sleep.
Really don't be on top of others
I beg you.